[terra-form-select] Searchable fields' ID moved to input element (#2691)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-form-select/CHANGELOG.md

ChangeLog
=========
### Changed

> * Id moved to input element instead of select div for searchable select fields.

Reviewer: Can we update this changelog entry to be:
```
### Added
* Added `inputId` prop to allow an id to be passed to the input element for searchable select fields.
```

> * Id moved to input element instead of select div for searchable select fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added `inputId` prop to allow an id to be passed to the input element for searchable select fields.
```

> * Added `inputId` prop to allow an id to be passed to the input element for searchable select fields.

Reviewer 3: Should be moved under the "Unreleased" section.
